Believe "/phlebotinum/character-axioms.txt".
Believe "/phlebotinum/interpreter-axioms.txt".
Believe "/phlebotinum/game-turn-axioms.txt".
Believe "/phlebotinum/map-axioms.txt".

When a player-character looks at a describable-entity,
 the player-character examines it.

When a player-character looks a describable-entity,
 the player-character examines it.

When a player-character reconnoiters,
 the player-character appraises the player-character's container.

When a player-character discovers a map-place,
 the player-character appraises it.

When a player-character appraises a map-place,
 the player-character asks "where am I";
 also the game-interpreter invokes the map-place's place-describer;
 also the player-character discerns the player-character's visible-items.

When a player-character rediscovers a map-place,
 the player-character asks "where am I";
 also the player-character discerns the player-character's visible-items.

When a player-character discerns any visible-objects,
 the player-character asks "which visible-objects do I see".

When a player-character discerns any visible-fixtures,
 the player-character asks "which visible-fixtures do I see".

A bland-description is a kind of game-spiel.

When a player-character examines a describable-entity,
 and its describer has no language-renderer,
 the game-interpreter invokes all bland-descriptions.
When a player-character examines a describable-entity,
 and its describer has a language-renderer,
 the game-interpreter invokes its describer.

When a player-character examines a map-place,
 and the map-place is not a describable-entity,
 the player-character appraises the map-place.

When a game-speaker references a map-portal,
 the game-speaker annotates the map-portal with
 {the map-portal's mediated-connection
 among the player-character's container's place-exits}'s container.

When a game-speaker annotates a map-portal with a map-direction,
 the game-speaker composes {{the map-portal} to {the map-direction}}.

When a spiel-renderer yields an spc-string,
 consequently the spiel-renderer's predefined-text is the spc-string.

When a game-spiel substitutes an spc-string in a game-language,
 the game-spiel's language-renderer in the game-language yields the spc-string.

When a game-spiel yields an spc-string in a game-language,
 the game-spiel has a language-renderer in the game-language;
 also the game-spiel substitutes the spc-string in the game-language.

When a game-spiel defaults to an spc-string,
 the game-spiel yields the spc-string in Generic-English.

A game-greeting is a kind of game-spiel.
When the game-turn initializes,
 the game-interpreter invokes all game-greetings.
