Import "/phlebotinum/basic-axioms.txt".

A map-direction is a kind of object.
A north, a south, an east, or a west is a kind of map-direction.
A northwest, a northeast, a southwest, or a southeast is a kind of map-direction.

A zenith or a nadir is a kind of map-direction.

A map-direction's opposite-direction must be a map-direction.
A map-direction must have an opposite-direction.
If a map-direction is another map-direction's opposite-direction, then equivalently
 the second map-direction is the first map-direction's opposite-direction.

There is a north and a south.
The north is the south's opposite-direction.

There is an east and a west.
The east is the west's opposite-direction.

There is a northwest and a southeast.
The northwest is the southeast's opposite-direction.

There is a northeast and a southwest.
The southwest is the northeast's opposite-direction.

There is a zenith and a nadir.
The zenith is the nadir's opposite-direction.

A map-place is a kind of location.
A map-place's place-description must be an spc-string.
A map-connection is a kind of describable-entity.
A straight-connection is a kind of map-connection.

A map-place's map-neighbor must be a map-place.
If a map-place is another map-place's map-neighbor, then equivalently
 the second map-place is the first map-place's map-neighbor.

A map-connection's source-place must be a map-place.
A map-connection's target-place must be a map-place.

A map-place's place-exit must be a map-connection.
A map-place's place-entrance must be a map-connection.

A map-connection must have a source-place.
A map-connection must have a target-place.

A map-connection's opposite-connection must be a map-connection.
A map-connection may have an opposite-connection.
If a map-connection is another map-connection's opposite-connection, then equivalently
 the second map-connection is the first map-connection's opposite-connection.

If a map-place is a map-connection's source-place, then equivalently
 the map-connection is the map-place's place-exit.
If a map-place is a map-connection's target-place, then equivalently
 the map-connection is the map-place's place-entrance.

If a map-connection opposes a map-place to a map-direction, then equivalently
 the map-place's place-exit in the map-direction is
  the map-connection's opposite-connection.

When a map-place faces another map-place to a map-direction,
 the first map-place has a place-exit in the map-direction;
 also the second map-place has a place-exit in the map-direction's opposite-direction;
 also the first map-place's place-exit in the map-direction
  becomes a straight-connection;
 also the second map-place's place-exit in the map-direction's opposite-direction
  becomes a straight-connection;
 also the first map-place's place-exit in the map-direction opposes
  the second map-place to the map-direction's opposite-direction;
 also the first map-place becomes the second map-place's map-neighbor.

If a map-place faces another map-place to a map-direction,
 then equivalently
 {the first map-place's place-exit in the map-direction}'s
  target-place is the second map-place.
If a map-place faces another map-place to a map-direction,
 then equivalently
 {the other map-place's place-exit in the map-direction's opposite-direction}'s
  target-place is the first map-place.

If a map-place is north of another map-place, then equivalently
 the latter faces the former to the north.
If a map-place is south of another map-place, then equivalently
 the latter faces the former to the south.
If a map-place is east of another map-place, then equivalently
 the latter faces the former to the east.
If a map-place is west of another map-place, then equivalently
 the latter faces the former to the west.

If a map-place is northeast of another map-place, then equivalently
 the latter faces the former to the northeast.
If a map-place is northwest of another map-place, then equivalently
 the latter faces the former to the northwest.
If a map-place is southeast of another map-place, then equivalently
 the latter faces the former to the southeast.
If a map-place is southwest of another map-place, then equivalently
 the latter faces the former to the southwest.

If a map-place is above another map-place, then equivalently
 the latter faces the former to the zenith.
If a map-place is below another map-place, then equivalently
 the latter faces the former to the nadir.

A door is a kind of describable-entity.
A map-connection's exit-door must be a door.
A door's door-exit must be a map-connection.
A map-connection may have an exit-door.
If a door is a map-connection's exit-door, then equivalently
 the map-connection is the door's door-exit.
A door must be open or closed.

When a door mediates a map-connection,
 the door becomes the map-connection's exit-door;
 also the door becomes the map-connection's opposite-connection's exit-door.

When a door connects a map-place to another map-place,
 the door mediates {the first map-place's place-entrances
  among the second map-place's place-exits}.
