Believe "/phlebotinum/map-axioms.txt".
Believe "/phlebotinum/character-axioms.txt".
Believe "/phlebotinum/interpreter-axioms.txt".

A map-place's place-discoverer must be a player-character.
A map-place may have place-discoverers.

Before a game-character heads to a map-direction,
 the game-character's container's place-exit must be in the map-direction;
 otherwise the game-interpreter complains
  "There is no way to go in that direction.".

When a game-character heads to a map-direction,
 the game-character traverses
  {the game-character's container's place-exit in the map-direction}.

When a game-character goes a map-direction,
 the game-character heads to the map-direction.

When a game-character goes to a map-direction,
 the game-character heads to the map-direction.

When a game-character goes upward,
 the game-character heads to the zenith.

When a game-character goes downward,
 the game-character heads to the nadir.

Before a game-character traverses a map-connection,
 its exit-portal must be open;
 otherwise the game-interpreter complains "But the door is not open.".

When a game-character traverses a map-connection,
 the game-character relocates to its target-place.

Before a player-character moves to a map-place,
 it must not be the player-character's container;
 otherwise the game-interpreter complains "But you are already there.".

Before a player-character moves to a map-place,
 it must be the player-character's container's map-neighbor;
 otherwise the game-interpreter complains "You can't get there from here.".

When a game-character moves to a map-place,
 the game-character traverses {the map-place's place-entrances
  among the player-character's container's place-exits}.

After a game-character relocates to a map-place,
 the game-character is in it.

When a game-character enters a map-place,
 the game-character moves to it.

After a game-character relocates to a map-place,
 the game-character has no visible-items;
 also the game-character surveys the map-place;
 also the game-character perceives the game-character.

When a game-character surveys a map-place,
 the game-character perceives it;
 also the game-character observes
 {its contained-objects except the game-character};
 also the game-character surveys its place-exits and its place-entrances.

When a game-character surveys some map-connections,
 the game-character observes them, their exit-portals, and their containers.

When a player-character relocates to a map-place,
 and player-character is not its place-discoverer,
 the player-character discovers it.
When a player-character relocates to a map-place,
 and the player-character is its place-discoverer,
 the player-character rediscovers it.
