An spc-ideal is a kind of spc-entity.
An spc-class is the same as an spc-form.
An spc-form is a kind of spc-ideal.
An spc-role is a kind of spc-ideal.
An spc-entity's spc-type must be an spc-form.
An spc-form's spc-realization must be an spc-entity.
An spc-entity must have an spc-type.
An spc-form may have spc-realizations.
If an spc-entity is an spc-form's spc-realization,
 then equivalently the spc-entity's spc-type is the spc-form.
An spc-form's spc-attribute must be an spc-property.
An spc-property's spc-attributee must be an spc-form.
An spc-property must have an spc-attributee.
An spc-value's spc-valued-property must be an spc-property.
An spc-property's spc-property-value must be an spc-value.
An spc-property may have spc-property-values.
An spc-value must have an spc-valued-property.
If an spc-value is an spc-property's spc-property-value,
 then equivalently the spc-value's spc-valued-property is the spc-property.
An spc-form may have spc-attributes.
If an spc-property is an spc-form's spc-attribute,
 then equivalently the spc-property's spc-attributee is the spc-form.
An spc-ideal's spc-superclass must be an spc-ideal.
An spc-ideal's spc-subclass must be an spc-ideal.
An spc-ideal may have spc-superclasses.
An spc-ideal may have spc-subclasses.
If an spc-ideal is another spc-ideal's spc-superclass,
 then equivalently the second spc-ideal is the first spc-ideal's spc-subclass.
An spc-someone is a kind of spc-object.
An spc-entity's spc-gender must be an spc-form.
An spc-entity may have an spc-gender.
An spc-object's spc-container must be an spc-object.
An spc-object's spc-contained-object must be an spc-object.
An spc-object may have spc-contained-objects.
An spc-object must have an spc-container.
If an spc-object is another spc-object's spc-contained-object,
 then equivalently the second spc-object is the first spc-object's spc-container.
An spc-open-enum is a kind of spc-entity.
An spc-closed-enum is a kind of spc-entity.
An spc-string is a kind of spc-entity.
