Believe "/example-phlebotinum/behavior-axioms.txt".
Believe "/phlebotinum/default-init.txt".

The game-greeting substitutes
"Welcome to a tepid smorgasbord of nostalgia."
in Generic-English.

There is a bedroom, a bathroom, a kitchen, a cupboard, and a loft.
The bedroom's place-describer defaults to
 "Grubby articles of alien underwear lie scattered about.".
The bathroom's place-describer defaults to
 "Someone has written 'clean me!' on the mirror.".
The kitchen's place-describer defaults to
 "It's yer basic scullery.".
The cupboard's describer defaults to
 "Oddly, the cupboard lacks doors.".
The cupboard's place-describer defaults to
 "I hope you don't have claustrophobia.".
The loft's place-describer defaults to
 "Hardly more than a garret, really.".

The bedroom is west of the bathroom.
The bedroom is east of the kitchen.
The cupboard is north of the bedroom.
The loft is above the bedroom.

The player-character is in the bedroom.
The player-character's describer defaults to
 "Vanity of vanities; all is vanity.".

There is a big door.
The big door is open.

There is an axe.
The ax is in the bathroom.
The ax's describer defaults to
 "The perfect weapon, assuming you are a dwarf.".

There is a brass lantern.

The big door connects the bedroom to the bathroom.

There is a thief.
The thief's spc-pronoun-list is "ze, zir, zirself".
The thief is perceptive.
The thief's describer defaults to
 "Ze wields a wicked-looking stiletto.".
The thief is in the bathroom.
The thief is alive.
// let the thief know about places and things other than zir starting location
The thief surveys the bedroom.
The thief surveys the bathroom.
The thief observes the lantern.
The thief believes "/example-phlebotinum/thief-mind-init.txt".

There is a thief-death-description.
The thief-death-description defaults to "Blood splatters everywhere.".

The player-character is perceptive.
The player-character believes "/example-phlebotinum/player-mind-init.txt".

The lantern and the cupboard are in the kitchen.

There is an oracle.
The oracle is omniscient.
The oracle is in the cupboard.

Believe "/example-phlebotinum/spanish-init.txt".
