A container is an spc-container.
A game-character is a kind of person.
A game-interpreter is a kind of person.
A player-character is a kind of game-character.
A non-player-character is a kind of game-character.
A thief is a kind of non-player-character.
There is a game-interpreter.
There is a player-character.

A map-place is a kind of location.
A map-neighbor must be a map-place.
A map-place may have map-neighbors.
A map-place with a map-neighbor is a map-neighbor.

A northern-neighbor must be a map-place.
A southern-neighbor must be a map-place.
An eastern-neighbor must be a map-place.
A western-neighbor must be a map-place.

A map-place may have a northern-neighbor.
A map-place may have a southern-neighbor.
A map-place may have an eastern-neighbor.
A map-place may have a western-neighbor.

A map-place with a northern-neighbor is a southern-neighbor.
A map-place with an eastern-neighbor is a western-neighbor.

If a map-place is west of a map-location, then equivalently
 the map-place is the map-location's western-neighbor.
If a map-place is east of a map-location, then equivalently
 the map-place is the map-location's eastern-neighbor.
If a map-place is north of a map-location, then equivalently
 the map-place is the map-location's northern-neighbor.
If a map-place is south of a map-location, then equivalently
 the map-place is the map-location's southern-neighbor.

If a map-place is west of a map-location, then the map-place is the map-location's map-neighbor.
If a map-place is east of a map-location, then the map-place is the map-location's map-neighbor.
If a map-place is north of a map-location, then the map-place is the map-location's map-neighbor.
If a map-place is south of a map-location, then the map-place is the map-location's map-neighbor.

If a map-place is west of a map-location, then equivalently
 the map-location is the map-place's eastern-neighbor.
If a map-place is east of a map-location, then equivalently
 the map-location is the map-place's western-neighbor.
If a map-place is north of a map-location, then equivalently
 the map-location is the map-place's southern-neighbor.
If a map-place is south of a map-location, then equivalently
 the map-location is the map-place's northern-neighbor.

If a game-character moves to a map-place, then the game-character is in the map-place.
If a game-character enters a map-location, then the game-character moves to the map-location.
If a player-character moves to a map-place, then
 the map-place must be the player-character's container's map-neighbor;
 otherwise the game-interpreter complains "You can't get there from here.".
If a player-character moves to a map-place, then the player-character asks "where am I".

If a game-character goes east, then
 the game-character's container must have an eastern-neighbor;
 otherwise the game-interpreter complains "There is no way to the east.".
If a game-character goes west, then
 the game-character's container must have a western-neighbor;
 otherwise the game-interpreter complains "There is no way to the west.".
If a game-character goes north, then
 the game-character's container must have a northern-neighbor;
 otherwise the game-interpreter complains "There is no way to the north.".
If a game-character goes south, then
 the game-character's container must have a southern-neighbor;
 otherwise the game-interpreter complains "There is no way to the south.".

If a game-character goes west, then
 the game-character moves to the game-character's container's western-neighbor.
If a game-character goes east, then
 the game-character moves to the game-character's container's eastern-neighbor.
If a game-character goes north, then
 the game-character moves to the game-character's container's northern-neighbor.
If a game-character goes south, then
 the game-character moves to the game-character's container's southern-neighbor.

If a game-character kills a kill-victim, then the kill-victim is dead.
A thief must be alive or dead.
If a game-character kills the thief, then
 the game-interpreter says "Blood splatters everywhere.".

A door must be open or closed.
If a game-character traverses a door, then the door must be open;
 otherwise the game-interpreter complains "But the door is not open.".

A map-place may have a northern-door.
A map-place may have a southern-door.
A map-place may have an eastern-door.
A map-place may have a western-door.

If a game-character goes north, then
 the game-character traverses the game-character's container's northern-door.
If a game-character goes south, then
 the game-character traverses the game-character's container's southern-door.
If a game-character goes east, then
 the game-character traverses the game-character's container's eastern-door.
If a game-character goes west, then
 the game-character traverses the game-character's container's western-door.

If a game-character throws a game-weapon to a throw-target, then
 the game-character drops the game-weapon.
If a game-character throws a game-weapon to a throw-target, then
 the game-character kills the throw-target.

If a game-character gets a game-object, then
 the game-object must be in the game-character's container;
 otherwise the game-interpreter complains "But there is no such object here.".
If a game-character gets a game-object, then
 the game-object is in the game-character.
If a game-character drops a game-object, then
 the game-object must be in the game-character;
 otherwise the game-interpreter complains "But you have no such object.".
If a game-character drops a game-object, then
 the game-object is in the game-character's container.

If a game-character is holding a game-object, then equivalently
 the game-object is in the game-character.

